Home Showings: What to
Expect & How to Prepare
To prepare the subject property for
showings, the home should be clean,
welcoming, and ready to show at any time.
Simple steps like tidy surfaces,
clear walkways, and good lighting help
buyers see the home in its best light.
All showings are coordinated
through the ShowingTime app.
You will receive a showing request and
have the ability to approve or decline it.
Once approved, the showing agent
is notified and can proceed.
Please only decline when
absolutely necessary, as declined
showings may not be rescheduled.
Access for approved showings is provided
through a lockbox on the property.
The showing agent will
use the lockbox to enter.
Please note that you should not
be onsite during the showing.
Pets must be removed or
secured for every showing.
If pets are secured, they should
always be placed in the same location
that was originally provided, as
this information is shared with every
showing agent through ShowingTime.
Keeping the home in consistent
showing condition helps maximize
interest and opportunities.
Please remember that you only get one
chance to make a first impression.
Buyers often spend a short amount
of time in the home comparing it to
others in the neighborhood, so it is
important that the beauty of the home
and the features you enjoy most are
clearly highlighted during each showing.